Homework: Lesson 14 – Process Flow Design
Question 1
Design a cinema booking system.
Think how you would approach the problem and what are potential ways of solving it?
You do not need to write actual code, but describe the high-level approach:

• Draw a list of key requirements
1. Allow a new user to sign up
2. Allow a new user to set a password
3. Allow a new and existing user to reset their password
4. Allow an existing user to sign in
5. Allow a user to search availability per movies and week
6. Allow a user to book a maximum of 4 seats on a movie screening
7. The system shall update the availability of seats accordingly with how many people are booked
8. Allow user to log off

As a cinephile
I want to see the schedule of movies screening on the cinema
AND reserve seats to watch
So, I know a space for me and a other friends will be reserved

As a cinema owner
I want people to reserve seats on my rooms
So, I can plan how many people will watch the movies

• What are your main considerations?
The system will display availability for the next 7 days from the users input;
The system will display how many seats are available on each room;
The system will block if a user wants to reserve more than 4 spaces;
The system will not allow a user to login if they insert the wrong password;
The system will subtract spaces available in the room when someone book a space.
The system could make available for users to cancel their seats;
The system could connect payment methods to ensure the person is going.

• What would be your common or biggest problems?
Users trying to book the same session at the same time;
Users booking more than 4 spaces if they log off and login again;
Before changing the password, the system needs to ensure the person changing the password is the person who created the user account;
If a payment connection is created, need to ensure GDPR and security payment methods.

• What components or tools would you potentially use?
Flask for the page; MySql to store users data and sessions booked

• You are welcome to draw a diagram (a very simple one) for the process flow to explain how
it is going to work.

